# Uniview
#### Imagine you are a student and you have shortlisted few universities that you want to go to for your batchalor's or master's degree. By their websites they all look very similar, so the only way to further shortlist them is to get the reviews of the students who have been there because things that you read on the university website are often very different in reality. A university website will always tell you pros of going there not cons. You can only know cons from the students who have studied there. But where to get these reviews from actual students for free? We found that Google maps is a good source to get honest reviews for any university. Some of these reviews were very helpful, filled with real experiences of students. But reading reviews is time consuming, and even if you read 20-30 reviews there is still a chance of missing an important one that could flip your entire mood about that place. That's why we created Uniview. It gives you a summary of google maps reviews for a particular university that you are interested in. By summary we mean that you would be able to see the overall opinion of the public about a university in a single glance with out missing anything important. We do this by providing you the % of positive, negative and neutral reviews. We display the most important things the positive reviews are talking about and the most important things the negative reviews are talking about. Then we recommend five similar universities based on your current selection. Currently Uniview covers the top 100 universities of the world. 
  
